# Yes-Bank-price-prediction
The topic we have selected is Yes Bank Closing Price prediction from the year 2005 to 2020. The moto of choosing this topic is to predict the approximate Closing Price points of the Yes Bank based on the Open , High , Low values where investors can square off their positions to get as much profit and get out of trade easily by having target price points in their analysis. In this data we have 185 observations categorized into 4 features. In the process of predicting the Closing Price of Yes Bank stock, we did some of the predictions using Regression ML models. Likewise we have done their cross validation & hyperparameter tuning respectively to make the result more accurate and reduce the error. And from it we got our best probable Closing Price of the Yes Bank stock on monthly basis.
Yes Bank is a well-known bank in the Indian financial domain. Since 2018, it has been in the news because of the fraud case involving Rana Kapoor. Owing to this fact, it was interesting to see how that impacted the stock prices of the company and whether Time series models or any other predictive models can do justice to such situations. This dataset has monthly stock prices of the bank since its inception and includes closing, starting, highest, and lowest stock prices of every month. The main objective is to predict the stock's closing price of the month.Closing price generally refers to the last price at which a stock trades during a regular trading session. Accurate prediction of stock market closing price is a very challenging task due to volatile and non-linear nature of the financial stock markets.
